1)what are the new feature of java17?

i)sealed classes
   Sealed classes restrict which other classes can extend them.
   Useful for defining controlled hierarchies.

 use cases:This is useful for ensuring better encapsulation, maintainability, and security.
 // Only Car and Truck can extend Vehicle
 public sealed class Vehicle permits Car, Truck {}

 final class Car extends Vehicle {}   // Allowed
 final class Truck extends Vehicle {} // Allowed
 // class Bus extends Vehicle {}   // ❌ Compilation Error


ii)✅ Pattern Matching for Switch (Preview) – JEP 406
   Enables more concise switch expressions with pattern matching.


   static void printValue(Object obj) {
       switch (obj) {
           case Integer i -> System.out.println("Integer: " + i);
           case String s -> System.out.println("String: " + s);
           default -> System.out.println("Unknown");
       }
   }


actuall ga switch syntax nee modify chesaru



1. Oops
2. Why multiple inheritance not possible
3. Wap to find larger num
4. Wap to find  2nd largest num
5. Java 8 features
6. Lambda expression
7. Do 3,4 using lambda
8. Even num program
9. Design patterns
10. Singleton pattern and it's implementation
11. Springboot annotations
12. @qualifier annotations
13. Actuators
14. Different methods in rest get put post ...
15. What is rest api
16. Jpa entity
17. Sql query to find 2nd highest salary
18. Types of join
19. Javascript == and === difference
20. Js how do you call apis
21. Why css is used
22. Java streams ?
23. Difference between areaylist and linkedlist
24. Difference between hashmap and hashtable
25. What are collecections


1. Whay only writing main in public static void main (STRING ...ARGS)
2. Why string args and not obj3ct args
3. What is reflection
4. What is dependency injection how it's working internally
5.How does arraylist increases its size?

  How do you perform search in linkedlist

  In what scenario arraylist is better and when linkedlist

  How all annotations are working?

  What is bean and dependent injection


  Real world example of linked list

  Reflection
  How to break singleton
  Filter internal  working

  1. Write a Java program by make use of functional interface and find whether the number is even or odd
  2. Write a Java program to write the count of vowels in the string
  3. Also implement above using Java streams
  4. How do you handle exceptions in Spring boot application
  5. What do you know about deployment process of your code into server.  And are the servers on cloud?
  6. What is difference between normal tey catch block and try with resource block



  1. Explain about your latest project
  2. What are available servers in Spring boot
  3. How you will configure tomcat server in Spring boot, syntaxes for server configuration in applications.properti3s file
  4. Default port number of tomact
  5. What happens if we give port as 0
  6. What is use springboot dev tools and how to configure
  7. How to debug Spring Boot application
  8. Given an array of numbers find the 2nd largest number using Java 8 feature
  9. Given array of number print distinct elements in array using Java 8 feature
  10. Given an array of numbers print only multiple of 5 using Java 8 feature
  11. Explain Java 21 feature,  Java 8 feature
  12. Explain how filter works internally  (ans: predicate, predicate.test)
  13. Explain about lambda
  14. Explain about types of predicates available
  15. Why streams are introduced
  16. Why Java 8 is introduced
  17. What is singleton pattern
  18. How can you break singleton pattern
  19. Exceptional handling in Spring boot
  20. Explain about checked and unchecked exceptions
  21. Given you have nullpoonter exception, index out of bound exception, what will be the order you will be writing
  22. What is rate limiters
  23. What do you know about idempotency
  24. How do you handle disabling of multiple clicks so that the record don't get created ( idempotent apis)
  25. Different api method
  26. what is reflection
  27. How can you break singleton pattern


